Tidy up and make config page easier to read (#5543)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/reference/configuration.md

---
layout: default

> title: lakeFS Server Configuration

Reviewer: "lakeFS" here is redundant. We can go with "Server Configuration", "Configuring the Server" or leave the previous title.

Author: ack, thanks.

description: Reference for lakeFS Server configuration items and several examples of confriguation for different deployment permutations.
parent: Reference
nav_order: 10
has_children: false
---

# lakeFS Server Configuration
{: .no_toc }

{% include toc.html %}

Configuring lakeFS is done using a YAML configuration file and/or environment variable.

The configuration file's location can be set with the `--config` flag. If not specified, the first file found in the following order will be used:
1. `./config.yaml`
1. `$HOME/lakefs/config.yaml`
1. `/etc/lakefs/config.yaml`
1. `$HOME/.lakefs.yaml`

> All the configuration variables can be set or overridden using environment variables. The variable name will have a prefix of *`LAKEFS_`*, followed by the name of the configuration, replacing every '`.`' with a '`_`'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the configuration properties can be set or overridden using environment variables. The variable name should have a prefix of *`LAKEFS_`*, followed by the name of the configuration, replacing every '`.`' with a '`_`'.
```

+ `email.burst` `(int: 10)` - Maximal burst of emails before applying `limit_every_duration`. The zero value means no burst and therefore no emails can be sent.
+ `email.lakefs_base_url` `(string : "http://localhost:8000")` - A string representing the base lakefs endpoint to be directed to when emails are sent inviting users, reseting passwords etc. 

### S3 Gateway

* `gateways.s3.domain_name` `(string : "s3.local.lakefs.io")` - a FQDN
  representing the S3 endpoint used by S3 clients to call this server
  (`*.s3.local.lakefs.io` always resolves to 127.0.0.1, useful for
  local development, if using [virtual-host addressing](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/VirtualHosting.html).
* `gateways.s3.region` `(string : "us-east-1")` - AWS region we're pretending to be in, it should match the region configuration used in AWS SDK clients
* `gateways.s3.fallback_url` `(string)` - If specified, requests with a non-existing repository will be forwarded to this URL. This can be useful for using lakeFS side-by-side with S3, with the URL pointing at an [S3Proxy](https://github.com/gaul/s3proxy) instance.

> ## Example lakeFS Server Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```
